When we set out to make this, we really, we came up with a filter that is, we like to
call right brain comedy.
The combination of funny and audacious and authentic.
And then we came up with a list of people that we really wanted to work with.
And at the very tippy top of that list was Dan Harmon.
Everything that he's done with regard, they're loading on the stage.
I'm literally vamping so that they can load Dan's mock-down stage.
So we really wanted to work with him.
And he pitched a show which is the marriage of Dinner for Five, Rick and Morty in Game
of Thrones.
And it's a brilliant idea, it's really strange, but I'm not going to talk about it.
I'm going to actually bring up the creator himself, a TV, literally a TV legend.
I'm really happy he's here, I'm grateful he's here.
Mr. Dan Harmon, no, don't step on that.
The first thing they told me is don't walk on that.
Just to trap you.
What in the fuck?
What?
They literally, I should have probably told you that beforehand.
That's not, there's signs everywhere for everything, that's the one place there should
be one.
We had a long conversation, they said whatever you do, don't let Dan walk on that.
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, who went there?
I have failed horribly at everything.
Everyone knew but me.
How are you?
Another thing that, well, here's the thing that everyone knows about you, you can get
Werner Herzog, the real one, for like a thousand bucks.
I've done it.
We decided to go with a fake Werner Herzog.
That's not on record, that's just some guy doing a, he's a thousand bucks.
Werner?
The real one.
We should have just called him then.
He doesn't, he always wants the money, his documentaries are not.
Don't make money, everyone knows.
I used to make documentaries, that's why I'm making comedy now.
Thank you so much, it's great to be here.
Thank you.
So, can you talk a little bit about what Harmon Quest will be?
It's something that I've been conceiving ever since the day that we were doing Harmon
Town, my podcast, which was never a career choice, in fact, it's been detrimental to
my career in every way, because it's the show at which I played the Chevy Chase voicemail
and got fired, but I subsequently made it into a podcast because I was like, well, if
this is not going to be intimate, then let's just broadcast it and at that show, at one
point I thought, I've been fascinated with a certain fantasy role-playing game that
has no name, let alone any initials or anything that anyone would recognize.
My entire life, I've written a lot of sketches about it, it's like, it's my introduction
to everything before improv, before anything, it was like the ultimate, like, gait into
storytelling.
Yeah, and just safety for nerds and this whole culture that we've entered.
And so, in the podcast I said at one point, at the time I thought the joke will be how
not entertaining it is to play this game.
And so, I actually thought in my head, I bet in my audience, if I ask for seven Dungeon
Masters, seven will raise their hand.
And nobody raised their hand, except for one guy who came up on stage, and his name was
Spencer who we'll meet later, and he'll later say he was living in the Seamy Valley area
and he came that night through some weird, pot-induced hallucination that he was like,
I bet I should go ask, I think I should play D&D with Dan Harmon.
It's all very trippy and weird, but he became a fixture and we've been playing the game
ever since.
Since then, my fascination with the funniest thing I've ever seen on TV, which was the
Ricky Gervais HBO show, because I love the relationship between the real audio of Carl
Pilkington trying to explain himself and this team of animators that are like so gifted
that they're like, oh, no, this guy is struggling and being mocked, but I went to art school,
I can show you what he means when he's talking about his theory about birds or worms or something.
They actually make his point better than he ever does.
Yes, absolutely, and everyone's point is made when they're supported by-
Beautiful animation.
Yes, or any medium, yeah, it's truly like anyone can be a hero and all that stuff.
And in fantasy role-playing, that's what you're drawn to, is the idea that you can
be a hero, and yet the irony often is that you can take 10 minutes to open a door.
Because you argue-
I'm going to try my sword, I'm going to try this.
And I think it's funny, and so the idea from the get-go was, or from the seesaw, you should
have called it get-go.
It'll remind people of auto insurance, they'll love it.
By the way, Shapiro, what are you, are you an Avenger or just a self-loathing Jew?
What?
Shapiro.
I've had many times I've been called a self-loathing Jew.
Wait, why?
Seriously?
Yeah.
It's a Philadelphia thing, if you're from the Delaware Valley or down there, everyone
thinks you're like a high-flute, Levine, Levine, Einstein, it's really actually typical
South Jersey white trash bullshit.
Okay, now I get it.
609, anyone?
Not 69, 609, it's an area code inside.
My grandparents on my mom's side, last name, now pronounced Riek, used to be Reich.
Wow, you can see why they changed that.
Uh-huh, yes I can, Mr. Shapiro.
Yes, well played, let's all live in a masquerade.
I'm supporting my father's family.
As we all are.
Anyways, where was I, yeah, we're launching a show, it's called Seasaw, it's $4 a month,
oh shit, don't walk on the thing, it's a trap, there's nothing but dead Bengal tigers down
there.
Where'd it go?
Name Seasaw.
Seasaw.
Okay, so it's, so that's it, I don't know, I pitched it to Amy Carlson at UCP, Universal
Cable Productions, our production partner on this, and then we met on a teleconference.
Yeah, because you came in subsequently.
I had to sell you.
All right.
On doing it with us, and one of the things that was on the interwebs this weekend is why
you decided, why this place of all places to do it, and I don't know the answer to that
question, so I answer, I ask it very risk-takingly.
Because the budget was higher, because no one would ever, it wouldn't be on regular
TV, it could have been a web thing, but it would have to be all animation.
You said dinner for five, which you had a hand in creating, right?
So the show will be, the animation isn't done, but we've shot the stuff.
So what it is is like sort of dinner for five quality, Nathan Fillian sitting at a table
with Spencer and myself, and Jeff Davis, and my now ex-wife, Erin McGathy, God damn it,
distracting, distracting.
You did that.
No, it was the show, the show broke us up.
You will hear from my lawyer, David Fleshmain.
I thought, isn't it like, do we cheat him and how?
Do we cheat him and who?
It's all about the vowels.
So it's Nathan and a bunch of other really cool people coming in.
Celebrity guests, most of whom have shows on CISO.
And then you roll the die, and you go into the fantasy role-playing, and then it animates.
It's animation.
It's like 80% animation.
You promised me this beautiful animation.
It's gonna be beautiful.
Because I'm paying enough.
So with that, thank you again for, it's nice, you should do a spit take.
It's not beautiful.
Thank you for coming.
Thank you for bringing your crew.
And with that, I will cede the stage to you and your, oh, do you mean leave it?
Or side the stage to you and your Harmon Quest, Harmontown crew.
All right.
Great.
Steve Jobs is dead.
Long live Evan Shapiro.
That dammit.
Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the SVA Theater.
Am I correct about that?
Which did?
No?
What's it called?
SVA.
What's this stand for?
It's still a visual arts theater here somewhere in New York City.
A very rare, special Harmontown is now in session.
Please welcome Emerging Chetlee from his show, Harmontown.
Welcome to the SVA Theater.
The mayor of Harmontown, the star of Harmon Quest, Mr. Dan Harmon.
The TV is the same as it used to be.
There's going to be some changes.
Okay.
All right.
That's fine.
We can get the lights back up now.
Everyone's a critic.
All right.
Literally, tonight, everyone's a critic.
Oh, loud enough.
I don't feel loud.
Yeah.
I mean...
You don't feel loud either.
No.
And what the truth is, normally...
We're used to being in a small, intimate space, doing this.
We're used to more monitor, too.
But I will say, when we were watching all the very funny content, the level's very low.
It's like you should blast the people with the funny stuff.
Are they...
Okay.
Someone's sarcastically turning it up now.
There it is.
Okay.
Oh.
Yeah.
Okay.
We got it.
That's where it should have been.
That cartoon was amazing.
The Sinai thing.
Very funny.
That's intimidatingly funny.
Has anyone pulled off a cartoon sketch show?
Robot Chicken.
All right.
Different venue.
That's why I do that.
A competitor.
All right.
We don't have anything to talk about, so let's keep it moving.
We have one thing to talk about.
When you walked across this inch and a half piece of plywood, it bowed like a fiddle.
Why would that be there?
I don't know.
That's insane.
I don't want to talk about it.
I was almost certain that was the end of my career, because without you, I'm nobody.
I would be honored to die that way, but angry.
But you said that beneath it is a pit full of dead bangle tigers.
You'd land gently on a bunch of soft bangle tigers down there.
Well, yeah, but even a dead bangle tiger, have you ever stepped on a dead bee?
That's the only bee I've ever been stung by.
I stepped on a dead bee on a beach.
We'll talk about it later.
How did you know it was dead when you stepped on it?
You saw a dead bee?
Well, because it didn't hurt as much as I had dreaded a bee sting would ever hurt.
So I was like, that must have been just a dead bee.
And I went back and the bee was dead.
And I was like, I'm sorry.
And he was like, fuck you.
And like, I already died and then you stepped on me and I gave you what I could.
And I was like, it felt like a little piece of glass.
And he's like noted and he died.
I lived my life serving an insectoid hive mind.
By the way, the final joke is going to be on you, so did you.
And I was like, whoa, bee, don't.
Like, I'm a sentient primate.
I'm going to live for 70 years.
And he's like, just figure it out.
This is the first time we've done a Harmontown since I went away for two and a half weeks.
And while I was away, divorce.
Yeah.
But the bee was a big deal.
I'll never forget that.
I think you're using the bee to deflect from your real emotions right now.
No, no, no.
All right, let me look at my notes.
See, now you're using your phone.
It's a very classic Carmen.
Well, we only have so much time.
We have to give them a reader's digest version of our normally fast-paced show.
Let's bring up Spencer Crittenden, the Game Master.
Hell yeah!
Just so that he's here when we...
Oh, I want that music to be louder.
There we go.
We're getting there now.
This is a mismatch here.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I'm going to fall down.
All right.
Well, at least we got the mic stand.
This is a school of visual arts.
It's the golden age of TV.
He's gone, but the content is...
There's so many visual arts.
For the front row, it's perfect perspective.
You look like you're sitting down on a table right there for the front row.
Okay.
Is this going to work?
No, it's not going to work.
Okay, well, all right, let's start.
We have to speed through my shit.
Let's do a segment called...
Do you have music cues?
Kind of.
I'm doing it off my phone.
All right.
What do you want?
Let's do a segment called Divorce Advice Corner.
Divorce Advice Corner.
Hold up one second.
Yo.
Divorce Advice.
When you need it, it must be nice
to give it, to see it, to receive it, to give it.
Yo.
You got to live it.
Wrapping while making a drink.
No.
I'm just professional.
The multitasking rapper.
Yo.
Multitasking.
Rapper.
I got an app called Slack for my team collaborations.
It was a channel for each collaboration.
Approximately all across the nation.
What happened?
Are we all going to die tonight?
This is where we all die.
It's a journey.
That was...
Yeah.
You're good, man.
This is a pretty good show so far.
This is a lot better than the last few.
No.
Yeah.
It's not as good as the animated show.
It's like a Swiss watch.
But they had time to finish that, and we're just...
Yeah.
Okay.
Well, you thought my...
No.
My divorce advice corner is about...
Please don't give me advice about my divorce.
Most people...
I was actually uplifted.
My wife and I, we got married.
We decided not to be married anymore.
So there's two categories of people where you go like,
you let people know, and it's weird.
It always feels shameful.
You feel like you spilled just jelly.
Or something.
Anything.
Why do I...
Nothing should be spilled.
Let alone a lifetime together and 11 months after you threw a big party and said,
I love God and her father, and I swear this one's for keeps.
And then you're like, forget it.
It feels shameful.
It feels terrible.
It's like joining the Boy Scouts and getting one yellow bead and then just being like,
yeah, but I like computers.
Do Boy Scouts get beads?
What?
Beads?
Yeah, just don't get excited.
They're just regular beads.
Why?
No, you wear them.
You don't put them in your butt, Spencer.
This guy loves beads in his butt.
All right.
I mean, sure, doesn't everybody...
I mean, Boy Scouts do the...
I don't think they get beads.
Well, they did in the 80s.
Yeah, whatever.
Well, you think now they get like solar panels?
Like monster energy drinks or something.
They probably do get like a Pepsi.
Yeah, they probably get like a TV and a scholarship to...
What am I talking about?
All right.
So I'm just saying, like, so most people you go, like you broach the subject tenderly
and you go, yeah, I don't know when to tell you this, but yeah, it's...
And most people are like...
It's kind of, you know, it's nice because you're already in a shameful place.
And most people, they'll say, oh, I'm on my third, like, did you have kids?
And you go, no.
And they go, whew, dodged a bullet.
Or they'll just go, like, yeah, it happens.
It happens.
And then there's that like 1% of people that are like, well, did you try to make it work?
And most of those people, they know you the least.
And it's like just strangers.
They're like, don't...
You're talking about yourself, obviously.
Like, did you try?
No, I didn't.
I thought, you know, we just, we got married and then we thought, you know what would
be fun and pleasurable and inexpensive and easy and the path of least resistance.
And let's just do it without thinking about it.
Let's get divorced.
Like, we didn't think about it.
Thank you so much.
You asshole.
You terrible, terrible person.
Why is it that when married people hear that you're getting a divorce, some of them, not
all of you, but they all feel like they're allowed to tell you that you made the wrong
decision, but if divorced people tell married people the same thing, even though the divorce
rate is like 80%, so there's way more of us.
But if you tell, if someone says, I decided to get married and you say, I don't know about
that, you're called a dick.
So what are the rules that are applying?
And it's always the same thing.
It's like, oh, marriage is hard.
Marriage takes work.
So it's combat rules.
It's like, if you're a veteran, you're allowed to talk about 9-11 more.
Like, you're allowed to...
Like, even if you're a reservist, even in any capacity, if you've ever worn a uniform,
like, you're more of a hero, which is true.
Like, you've volunteered yourself for, like, hard-ass, like, life-risking work.
And so anybody that ever says, like, who knows if I should vote this time, Duke.
And then Duke from G.I. Joe is like, hey, knowing it's half the battle.
And you're like, okay, fuck, oh, shit.
I can't argue with you.
Just won't invite you next Christmas.
But it's like, so if the rules apply, the same rules apply to combat as to marriage,
why are you married?
Because it's not a fight, and you should just get divorced.
Just like combat rules.
Well, no, in combat, if you're like, this is hard and you leave,
that's called losing a war, which can have global repercussions.
In marriage, if you're like, this is hard, we should leave, that's a victory.
That's one of the two most beautiful things a couple can do in addition to giving married.
Because it takes just as much bravery and just as much respect for the other person
and just as much, like, I cried just as much.
Like, it's like, it's a beautiful thing, and most of us do it.
We get married and then we get divorced.
Will you get married again, do you think?
Yeah, three more times.
No, my penis is a third nipple at this point, and I'm happy now.
Some people like that.
No, well, yeah, I mean, Evan Shapiro maybe, but like...
It begs the question, what is sex and what is just an overall deal?
I've been to...
I'm into gals, but I want to make out what Evan Shapiro's hair.
His hair is really good.
That guy's hair?
People are starting to mention it, it's becoming famous hair.
I feel like it's by his design that it's becoming famous.
I don't think there's a lot of work into it, but I think he's got something special going on.
Alright, next segment.
I'm saying he didn't have to go into creating TV special video demand platform thingies.
He could have just been the hair model.
Yeah, I know, he probably doesn't have to do anything.
That means he must be really good at doing TV if he's...
What?
Go ahead.
Oh, thank you.
Alright, so, okay, well, I'm racist.
I wanted to bring that up.
Yo, I'm racist.
Okay.
I really am.
It's official now because...
I've never doubted that for a minute.
Well, okay, I did, and now I'm like really...
Well, yeah, like you said earlier today, you obsess about race,
but what's the difference at some point?
Right.
You can cross a Rubicon of obsession about race.
And I crossed it today because I was sitting at the hotel bar,
and there's pictures on the wall of famous people that either stayed in the hotel or whatever,
but it's like black and white photos.
And so it's like...
It all has this 60s vibe, and there's a guy laying in bed,
and I was looking at the camera, and he's like,
I just assumed it's just a wall of famous people,
and I'm from LA, and so I'm just like,
that's just pictures of famous people from the 60s that stayed here.
And I was like, am I racist, or is that Morgan Freeman?
And you're like, no, that's Jimi Hendrix.
And I'm racist.
I like that you think that Morgan Freeman stayed at that hotel in the 60s.
I love that.
Well, I mean, my mind also that Morgan Freeman...
He was a full grown adult?
I mean, he might have been.
Maybe he probably was, yeah.
I don't know.
How old is Morgan Freeman?
Old enough.
Yeah.
But that hotel wouldn't have been a boutique hotel back then.
It would have been a flop.
Yeah.
Speaking of racism, that hotel is like...
Also, the picture of all those paintings,
if I can draw it out for you,
there was what he thought was Morgan Freeman,
surrounded by David Bowie, Mick Jagger,
Rick Sinatra, Chet Baker,
and a young Morgan Freeman laying in the bed.
To be fair, a lot of those pictures I thought were Julian Assange
and a friend of mine from high school.
And I was like, I don't know, I go by like hats and eyebrows.
I don't know.
I'm happy to admit I'm racist.
Not happy, I'm sad, but I also don't want to fight.
But you're not a bigot.
You don't believe that one race is better than the other,
or some are worse than the other.
I don't even think that's a tenable form of racism anymore.
That's self-defeating racism.
A true racist would simply hang back and notice race.
And so I guess I'm one of them.
I didn't want to be.
I don't want to be.
I hate it.
I wish I could whip this white skin off my skeleton
and throw it in the race garbage.
And God will ensure that that happens.
But in the meantime, I'm a holdover.
I'm a strange skeleton in your museum.
I'm like, race, notice her.
That's it.
I feel like you're hanging up about race.
It's also that you're hanging up about men, women, me, you,
the stranger, the friend.
It's all about other.
Not xenophobic is the word, maybe.
But it's like strangers, you have a reaction to it.
Anybody to the extent that they're different from you,
especially visually, look at the look he's giving me right now.
No, I'm live.
But you have a reaction because you feel like it reflects on you
in some way.
You take an Asian guy walking into the room personally,
not because you think that he's bad.
Well, they're usually there to kill me.
At my behest, I hired them to train me.
Yes.
Pink Panther.
Thank you, Evan Shapiro, probably.
I'm assuming that was Evan.
He's a curator.
Everyone else is like, date line, TMZ.
He confirmed it.
He's racist.
This will get buried on page six for sure.
What do I got to do to get on the front page?
What were we talking about?
Oh, so there's a lot of Germans in the hotel.
Here we go.
I don't know if this is going to be a satisfying story.
You're saying that there's a large German contingent dwelling
in a hotel right now?
I don't know if it's a ski team or something happening at the hotel.
It could be a convention of bankers.
It could be all sorts of things.
I'm just saying that I'm walking around
and I'm seeing a lot of blond people
and I'm hearing like shogun, fugun, shogun shogun on the tower.
Shogun, fugun, shogun, fugun, shogun shogun,
maybe you're putting stuff on me.
I came out of my hotel and I got to the elevator
and there was a couple and they were waiting for the elevator, too.
for the elevator too, but they hadn't pushed the button.
And I don't know, if it's a German stereotype
that they just thought that the elevator
should heed their call, I don't know.
That's not, I'm sure Germans are sick of that stereotype,
but I pushed it for them.
And then it, but while they were having
this very hushed conversation, he was like,
shingam, flim, shingam, flim, shimam, flim, flim, flim,
and she's like, shingam, flim, flim,
flim, flim, flim, shimam, flim, flim,
and I'm like, okay, they're German, I think.
There could be anything, there's 800 countries
who cares about any of them.
The, unless you're gonna bomb one,
and then it's like, well, what do they have?
The, but they get into the elevator,
but he waits for her to get in,
and then he waits for me to get in.
So I'm like, all right, like some weird
German emasculation technique, and I kind of step in.
Oh, because he's letting you on.
Well, he let his wife or a partner or a sister,
but I don't know, I'm not assuming anything,
but he let her on.
By the way, according to,
what is it, Tia?
Don't say Himmler.
No, the elevator, you would be surprised
at what is actually etiquette for elevator.
The old school etiquette, like back in the early days
when elevators were a new thing,
it was supposed to be that you let the men go on first
in case it's going to fail, that they will be the ones
that die.
The etiquette hasn't been actually updated
since elevators were dangerous.
So it's actually, if you want to go by actual books
that have been published on the topic,
the actual etiquette is that a man is supposed
to take the plunge and get onto this disastrous new laser
transporter and plummet to his death.
I don't like the one where,
which is the one where the guy is supposed to walk
closer to the curb than the woman,
and they're like, some people say it's because-
If it's uphill, and then in case his brake goes out,
then he'll just like drift into-
No, that's parking, that's parking.
Yeah, you got to turn the woman into the-
You have to turn the woman toward the curb,
like her back, but everyone always turns her front
toward the curb.
Your woman is going to like slide into the street.
That's like, and there could be a car chase
if you're in San Francisco.
Steve McQueen's coming to get you.
Yeah, the French connection's going to happen
and you just lost a woman.
So I was like- I didn't know this.
I was like, I don't know, 18, 17,
and I was walking down the road,
and I was, it had been raining out,
so I was walking on the inside of like the,
no, no, I was, what was I doing?
No, no, she got mad at me for standing on the outside
because that makes her look like a prostitute, right?
Cause you're supposed to walk on the inside,
or no, the opposite way around?
I don't know, as puddles as prostitutes,
I never figured it out.
Yeah, look for Jeff's children's book.
It's puddles and prostitutes,
and you open each page and then you have the kid let go
and he's supposed to guess.
Is it a puddle or a prostitute?
If you're a pimp, if you're a pimp-
I'm collected from the heavens.
Puddle, no, prostitute.
World's oldest profession.
I'm content with the lowest places.
Puddle.
Anyways, so I got in the elevator, and then it was just
very quiet, I don't know if, I don't know if they were
having a thing, like it was terse or if that's just German
regular stuff, like, like, like, like.
Did they, did they seem to be family or?
Well, yeah, it's my perception, but I'm American,
so my perception is that God should be on your money
and everybody should go fuck themselves.
My perception is fucking retarded.
Oh, shit, god damn it.
My perception is that that word, my sister's retarded,
and she just, she just moved in with a woman
and who used to be a man, so fuck all of you, I wrote it.
All right, get out, get out, pull up, pull up.
The show brought to you by a Bud Light.
All right, the, it was terse in the elevator
and I wasn't sure, I don't know,
because there's a stereotype of the German people,
I don't know, but they were quiet.
But here's, and then so, then we ride down in silence
and he's wearing like a ski jacket and she stared forward
and he was sort of like 45 degree angle
and I'm staring forward too and I'm at the door
and it goes boom, boom, boom, lobby, opens up
and it's just a pause and then she steps out
and then I'm just waiting
because now this thing happened up there
and then I look over at him and he's facing
and he goes like this, he goes please.
And I fucked off, like it was like Hans Gruber,
like please, he just gritted his teeth
and closed his eyes, please.
Give me three seconds away from her.
No, no, no wonder they didn't laugh.
They all thought some weird thing.
No, I'm saying the guy was like,
please get the fuck off the elevator.
Oh, that's it.
All right, not a good story then I guess.
No, it doesn't matter.
I was in the same elevator today,
going up to my hotel room at the same hotel
and there was a family of French people
and they were clearly my mother, father and child.
And I think there were two like teenage children
and they were all like kind of giggling
and laughing in French, which I only know a few words of.
And they were kind of laughing
and then I came in and hit my button
but it didn't work, you had to put the card back in
so the wife kept putting the card in
and I kept hitting the button
but then somebody would come in and like,
oh, can I stop the elevator?
We had to keep doing it.
And so I kind of made a joke.
Before I knew they were all French.
I hadn't heard any French.
So now we're going up and the guy goes,
ah, he's in the CBD because I'm thinking
he's a good pa.
Which, that's what not, pa means not.
Right.
Yeah, so then they all kind of giggled
and I kind of went, I kind of gave him a smile.
Then they went quiet for a while
and then he made another joke
and they all kind of sheepishly giggled.
I looked back around and I was like,
eh, like kind of like, you know,
I get it all the time or whatever
because now they're talking about me.
And it happens three times.
I get off the elevator, I go,
boss one and they're like, all right.
Whoa, he knows.
He knows everything we said.
We were throwing him what we thought
was cryptic French shade.
Oh, look at this guy, he's wearing the jacket.
He's wearing the shoes, he's wearing the socks,
he's wearing the jacket.
Not.
And everyone's like, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
I think bread is breakfast.
And yet we're thin, I don't know why.
Well, it's probably because the bread
isn't made by Tyson Foods, a big sponsor of CISO.
They figured out how to make making bread inhumane.
Tyson, there's just bigger factories full of bread.
Like you thought yeast was beyond mistreatment,
but you should see the videos, YouTube it.
It's just guys like stabbing with toothpicks,
just like, hey, yeast.
And they're just like hitting the yeast
and the yeast is like, ow, ow.
Like they've found more things
about yeast capacity for intelligence,
just from the abuse.
They found out that yeast consume more sugars
and give off more carbon dioxide
if they're living in a state of terror.
Yes, and it's more delicious.
Have you ever had a great cookie?
That yeast died scared.
So complain all you want, but I guess fuck Christmas.
If, you know, I don't know.
Like just think about it for a little bit.
You're New Yorkers, you probably aren't familiar
with complication or dichotomy.
Hey, hey, this probably isn't like a new thing,
but there was a country station playing on the thing.
So country, so do we have any country,
Western singers in here?
Anybody here been in a country band?
Country music?
Yeah, it's not a big city for that, I guess,
but I just want to, I just, I'm just parsing this.
Like I, because I've never really paid attention.
So the idea is I listen to three country songs in a row.
So the idea is, so you love outlaws because you have to,
but also the Bible because you have to,
and chicken and beer because you have to,
and then just freedom.
But the freedom is the most important thing.
The freedom to like the Bible and outlaws?
Like what is the, I don't understand, like the,
I like all my fans are outlaws and the outlaw style is here.
We like to go shopping at Kmart.
And like, I'm not the first person to point this out,
but it's like, how could they be?
So that's terrible, like I feel bad for them.
They're like, I like, I'm on outlaw,
but I like the Bible.
Yeah, and the constitution, second amendment.
But I like, and I like bad nutrition.
And I like, I mean, I do too,
but I don't consider that outlaw behavior.
I consider that actually the moments
when I'm most capitulating.
How would you align yourself more of an outlaw or more?
More of a, just a guy, I'm just like a pig at a trough.
And I'm like proud of it.
And I'm like, this is good.
Like, like, like, like CISO, Suey, like, like, like,
I just like, it's delicious.
Like who made corn for me?
I love being a pig.
Like, I don't, I never go like, plus I'm an outlaw.
Cause I would feel dumb if I did that.
I think that would be dumb.
Like, I don't think an outlaw should even be talking
into a microphone.
Like, like, like to an outlaw, he'd be like,
why is this amplifying my voice?
I'm an outlaw.
I use, I use, I use lack of law to amplify my intent.
I don't, it's like, like, like microphones are for politics.
They're for guys with big giant mustaches with grease in them.
Like, like the people that put up telephone poles.
I'm an outlaw.
I'm an outlaw, I love, I love not being in the law.
But I love the Bible.
Like, like the Bible, like I love the Bible.
Like the Bible is like all law.
Like it's like the, like it's more laws
than even just our laws.
But it's, like, it's more laws.
There's laws in the Bible that aren't even law.
The new, the new.
Extra laws.
Like, like, you know, remember the kid that was like,
loved math in school and he's like, I can't,
I'm gonna spend the summer doing math stuff.
That's what the Bible is.
It's like extra law.
But it's like laws that don't even make sense.
The protagonist of the New Testament is an outlaw.
He's, he's wanted by the popos.
Yeah, but then there's a whole Bible about him.
Like they added him to the Bible because he did that.
Is that what they're hoping?
There's going to be a third Testament
with Waylon Jennings in it.
Like, I was like, oh, this is how you do it.
I'm an outlaw, I'm an outlaw.
How come no one's crucifying me?
Yeah.
I want to throw on a Bible about me.
About how I went shopping and fuck those shits.
I'm a, I want a Bible about me.
Well, you're going to have to learn more chords.
Yeah.
First of all, by my definition,
you have to learn more chords.
Maybe the dance moves could use a little punch up.
How are we doing on time?
Have I filled a half hour?
I think, I don't know what exactly you and I could.
No, my goal is to fill a half hour.
I think we're quite close actually to going on
to the second segment of our Capulcate of Stars tonight.
Okay, two more fun anecdotes about my personal life,
which is very uneventful.
I got into the elevator another time.
This is what I do when I come to New York.
This show is a rich tapestry of ideas.
And I, my room is, I'm not even going to change the numbers.
If you want to come kill me, just come kill me.
My, because I wouldn't know how to riff
a palindromic number like this.
I, my room is 611, but I got the thing and it's upside down.
It's, I thought, I thought I was in room 119.
So I'm like, wait, one, I've never been,
so it's, it's New York.
I bet the one is like up because it's New York,
because everything's vertical.
Like you go to Walgreens and it's like,
vitamins are 30 miles in the sky.
The, the, so I was like, I got in the elevator
and there was just two women in there
and I was just like, I don't know.
There's no one button.
And then like it opened on four
and there was just some kid with like a luggage rack.
And, and I said, hey, hi, how'd it work?
Would you mind, how do you, how do you get to one?
And he's like, what?
And I'm like, what did, what, 119?
I don't know where to go.
And I held up the thing and he's like,
I think that's 6'11 and I turned it upside down
and I was like, ah, and the door's closed
and I turned to the ladies having been raised
on television and movies and I said, I don't get out much.
So like, if you don't get out much,
the one thing that you might be adept at
is number reading.
That's the one thing you can practice
without getting out much.
I just saw that was funny.
I don't get out much.
Yeah, you don't get out so much
that you use the line, I don't get out much.
And you think that that's just gonna like make sense
and it doesn't.
They're French.
They're like, and the other one was like,
I'm gonna suck up, and the other one was like,
I surrender.
And I was like, I'll step in,
but it's gonna cost you $70 trillion.
It's part of a 50 year plan.
Don't worry, we'll be done by 99.
Okay, I'm racist, divorce, Germans, country,
brundle fly, whatever.
I want a brundle fly.
Oh, there was a guy.
I was driving with the car driver.
What do you call him?
Drivers.
You never have to specify the vehicle.
I didn't come here in a truck.
And he said, he was driving,
I don't know, this is not, this is not,
like he was driving like this,
like a little tiny steering wheel holding a phone.
He went, it was silent, it was just driving,
and then he was like driving for a while.
And I was really, I was just on this huge New York high,
because by the way, my new,
like this last six visits to York,
I'm like, wait a minute,
New York's gimmick is that everyone's friendly.
Like it's not, it used to,
it was like an 80s thing that was like,
oh, it's the, oh, everyone's so rude,
and they have so much to do,
they don't have time to be polite.
No, it's the city where they all live together,
so they're like all much more socially adept
than everyone that comes here,
and you're always like leaving here going like,
wow, that was really nice.
Everyone's like really friendly and has like character,
and even the mean people are mean, but with an eye patch,
and like, everyone's got a gimmick,
like they live on top of each other,
they're like, they can't afford to have like issues,
I mean, no, they can't have issues,
but they're like color form issues.
It's like, I'm gonna take these issues,
and they're good people, they're fun,
and they're nice, and I'm gonna collect them all.
The, but I was on this big New York high,
and then I got into the car,
and then the guy's driving,
and it was like kind of silent,
and I'm kind of, I was exhausted with New York love.
I was like, I was like, ah, I'm so tired
of talking about how much I love New York.
So I was just quiet, and then the driver went,
because I was quiet, and he's like,
you know, and I wrote it down, so I'm reading it.
I was driving this producer one time, Todd Black,
and he said, you know, I don't know how it is,
you do what you do, silence.
And I was like, well, now I hate New York,
and I know how you do what you do,
you press the gas pedal and the light turns green,
and I mean, I know the traffic's bad,
but don't suck your own dick about it, like that's crazy.
You're not a hero, that's not,
that's the, he would have been if,
I mean, I'm sure Todd Black met him on a day
when he didn't do that, and then Todd Black was like,
you're great, I don't know how you do what you do,
and he's like, I'm gonna remember that,
and then I got in the car, and he's like,
you know what Todd Black said to me,
and I'm like, well, now he shouldn't have, you know?
I'm not sure I know what his angle was
or your angle is on this one, is he saying,
oh, you're like all those producers,
you're condescending, I don't know how you do what you do.
No, it was like, there was silence,
and he was like, this is that moment when someone
congenializes with me, and it's not happening,
so he was like, you know, it's funny, you should ask,
I am kind of a hero, and I'm like, I didn't,
I was about to maybe come around to saying that
after I caught my breath from buying a jacket,
and now you're an enemy, and I hate your whole city.
Hate everyone in it.
Yeah.
Should we request?
No, no, no, let me do a rap about how I hate New York.
Let me hit him at their most sensitive element.
Yo, I hate your city, I hate your city,
like a dude hates a kitty, he puts it in his mouth
from the north to the south, gonna suck the milk
like it was silk, these raps are bad,
but New York, you've been had,
you've been told you're better than Boston,
and Vermont, that's a state, what do you want from a guy?
Just not made to rap, I'm gonna fuck you,
Mara, like crap, the boot goes in her butt, you're pressed.
So what?
CISO is the place to pee,
$3 a month for comedy, I burnt your mama
till she started to pee, I put a glass in a drank in town,
and I said, turn that frown upside down,
and I put it in the fridge, and I took your mama
to the tunnel in the fridge,
that's an expression you guys use in this town.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Where you going?
Where the fuck are you going?
No, that guy's got a show on CISO, he's leaving,
he does whatever the shows are not promoting,
it's called Collecting Matches, there's like,
there's tears, they don't tell you,
there's like tears of shows, there's like,
they're good cartoon, and then there's my show,
and then they're like, at the bottom,
it's like $5,000 an episode, that guy's name is David Jenkins,
he's got a show called Collecting Matches,
it's not even a take, it's just he literally collects matches,
like because it's a tax write off,
if they have a certain amount of shows launched,
it was like, like, like, how many do you have now, 700?
Do you have any matches?
No, see, that's the whole episode, he just asks that,
that's all he does, no I don't, no one does,
why would anyone have matches,
the smoking's practically illegal, we're not outside,
it's a terrible show.
He's an outlaw.
He's not an outlaw, he's an outlaw too,
like Australopithecine, because he can make fire,
which is against the law,
because they probably had a God that was supposed
to do that, lightning.
It's time to move on to our second segment.
Okay, all right, all right,
so we're gonna create a division here,
that was just for press release,
just that was just for TMZ and BuzzFeed,
and now we're gonna give you a sneak preview
of our Harmon Quest content, right?
That's what we're doing.
We're doing the live portion of what will later,
what would later on be animated?
Right, we're gonna play a fantasy role-playing game
with celebrity guests.
Well Ethan Ficksell and David Dute,
come on stage please.
Yeah, I know what you're thinking,
why aren't the, no God damn it,
don't step on the fucking, although it's been tested
for eight, eight years.
You have another mic?
Yeah, I think we're down a mic.
Oh, there it is, cool.
All right, Dave and Ethan.
Yeah.
Dave and Ethan, everybody.
All right.
Stop it.
Come on, come on, mom.
You guys all know which ones Dave,
point at them.
The hot one.
The sweater.
It's the hot one.
And you know which ones Ethan,
it's the checkered shirt one.
That's me.
All right, good.
Okay.
I tried to sit, but I didn't know if it was allowed
to sit or not.
No, no, no, no, I don't sit until he said it.
No, take a load off, it's been a hard night.
No, no, no, no.
Okay.
Oh, okay.
No, no, not toward me.
Okay, all right.
I'll just go fuck myself.
Okay, I'm sorry.
Here we go.
We're good.
Okay, so we're gonna play a half hour.
Okay.
Yeah.
Just to make sure, do we have a half hour?
We've gone very long already.
Yeah.
What time do we need to plug it off into the night?
People wanna get up and go pee and drink
at some point, I imagine.
Don't convince them of that.
No, nobody does.
You would say, oh yeah, there you are.
But they don't have TV shows.
I mean, use your voice if you have information for us.
Let us know.
We've got 10 minutes.
We've been lightning around.
Oh, really?
I've got a question.
David Ethan, if never in my knowledge,
you guys are not D&D or role-playing aficionados, right?
No, no.
Okay, good.
This is perfect, because some of the people
that were on our show had not ever played it before.
So Spencer will lead us off
with one of Spencer's fantastic intros.
Well, no, you won't.
I don't know why you think that.
Oh, you won't?
Yeah, the thing is, this is a standalone story.
It's like a microcosm of what we're gonna bring to you.
But what we're going to bring to you with Harmon Quest
is actually, it's been written by me
in terms of the D&D story.
And I had all this time to prepare.
But this is like a 10 minute attempt
at recapturing that magic without any
of the expertise or prep work.
So we're set up for success here is what you're saying.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
It's gonna be a slam dunk.
It's gonna be the best 10 minutes.
Spencer, do you want Spencer's music?
Is there anybody here that needs anything
to be undercut in any way?
I just want to set everyone's,
we record for an hour.
We've all done it.
We record for an hour and we cut it down to 20 minutes.
Here, you're gonna see us play only 10 minutes.
So figure it out.
He takes it seriously is the point.
Yeah, no, that's my job.
You saw that documentary about the guy that dreams of sushi
and then makes a really high maintenance meal for you.
And it costs $700.
And the whole time you're sitting there going,
I hope I don't eat this wrong.
It's artisanal.
I should charge $700 for this.
That's insane.
Is that really what you pay for sushi?
Yeah.
You guys are fucking idiots.
I'm sure it's.
All right, so.
So now we get, we get sheets.
Just go top to bottom.
Top to bottom.
We have eight minutes left of this.
Yeah, that's what I'm just.
I mean, yeah, that's a little bit, it'll be great.
We'll get a chance to start.
Then we'll go party.
Oh my gosh.
All right.
I'm just gonna start.
Okay.
Dan, you're playing a character named Fondue.
Jeff, you're playing a character named Bone Weevil.
I can do it.
Bone Weevil.
Fondue and Bone Weevil.
You're at the Earthscar Ale House,
the local tavern around these parts.
It's a dreary place for the lost souls
that wander through town enjoying the strong bruise
in dark corners.
You're sad at the bar.
Hey, Fondue.
Whoa.
I'm really drunk.
I'm really drunk right now.
Do I know him?
Yeah.
Hey.
What do you mean?
Do you know me?
I wasn't talking to you.
You know me.
I didn't say that out loud.
Huh?
Dude.
All right.
I mean, we don't know each other well,
but we come to the same bar all the time.
We speak, but you're always in a blackout drunk.
You're a giant.
What are you, a half-orc or something?
Yeah.
Look, I'm just a little goblin.
I'm just a little, probably what, three feet?
But your conversation is interrupted by the arrival
of two gentlemen.
Oh, shit.
Oh.
You see two brothers with matching facial tattoos.
Actually, they're not brothers.
They're clearly of different races.
One's a half-orc and one's an elf.
Oh.
Hark, harkin.
Is that, do we say that?
Yeah.
Hark, hark, hello.
Hark, harkin, hello.
We are seeking the crown of the rat king,
which might be found in the tomb of the rat king.
For I am divorceeous.
And I am, it's for the bestiest.
Wow.
Yes.
Guys, I pulled them aside and I go,
whoop, whoop, whoop, whoop, whoop, whoop, whoop.
Do you know where the rat king tomb be?
I have heard that it is in the tomb of the rat king.
That's what I heard.
But Joe Smigeggy told me.
I use my knowledge of nature or the local area.
Do I know where the rat tomb is, Spencer?
Oh, yeah.
No, everybody knows that the tomb of the rat king
is in the forest outside of town.
I say we put our drinks down and get the hell over there.
And what are we looking for again in the thing?
We're trying to find the crown of the rat king.
And when we get there, we're going to split the money.
Yeah.
OK.
OK, now it's good to say these things.
It's like a divorce.
You want to get this stuff set up before you get into it.
It's like a prenup for an adventure.
Right.
Well, normally, there'd be more of a refusal of the call,
which would result in immersiveness,
but this is more like a porno.
So let's just quit.
My synth's clogged.
Let's front.
No, no, no, no, no.
All right.
Front do, front refuse the call.
I don't know if I should do it.
All right, let's go.
Yeah, yeah.
He reads my eyes.
I have a wagon outside with a couple mules.
You just want to get in my wagon?
How many wheels does this wagon have?
It's a two-wheeled wagon.
It's not a great wagon.
It's what horses are the front wheels, basically.
We're not used to those.
Do you have horse-wield wagons?
No, the horses work as front wheels.
Two wheels just fall over, but the horses hold it up.
Is there a safety harness on this wagon
to ensure that I do it?
Otherwise, the things would fall off.
I say we get in it for the money shot.
Let's go.
Let's do it.
We shall go for the shot of money.
I have a few more questions about the safety
features of this wagon.
Hey, should we collide with a tree?
You already refused the call back in the bar.
You don't get to refuse the wagon.
All right, I'll get in the wagon.
Yeah, mules.
Oh, whoa.
Wow.
Right, pretty smooth, doesn't it?
Yeah, pretty smooth.
Two-wheeled affair.
How do you reach the, you're so small.
How do you reach the?
Horses do all the reach.
I just take a little whip and hit their butts.
Can we hit a tree to taste the harness or to test it?
And taste it.
I'd like to taste the harness.
My brother needs to taste the harness.
Soon you find yourselves outside of the Rat King's tomb.
Oh, shit.
You're standing in front of a massive slab of obsidian
in the forest outside of town.
This black monolith seems to absorb all light,
and a gray stone door sits in the center
with golden script scrawled all over it.
There's also a doorknob.
I don't think we should have left that bar.
You drove.
I'm refusing the call in front of the thing.
You can't do that the whole adventure.
It's just like an E-Lag Roth movie.
It's just people going, don't do it.
Don't do it.
My eyeball.
Anyways, guys, what do you think?
You're the ones who are here.
I go examine the golden script to see if it's a language I know.
It's in Dwarven.
I speak Dwarven.
I read the thing.
Oh.
It says, touch the door with your left hand
and then just turn the knob and push.
I know a trap when I see one, fellas.
Do I have trap sense?
Yeah.
We don't know what you're talking about,
because all that happened to you internally.
I'm a stickler.
That's entertainment.
I have perception.
Can I check to see if this is a trap?
Oh, yeah.
Let me see here.
Yeah.
Am I going to get a dice roll?
Oh, yeah.
You just got it.
Oh, yes.
Feels good, doesn't it?
Yeah, dice.
I'm so excited.
Examining the door, it seems to be highly magical,
but not trapped.
That's good.
All right.
Somebody go put their left hand on it and turn it.
I shall put my left hand.
I will not use my stunning fist, but I can, if I want to,
just letting everyone know.
You have a stunning fist?
Yeah.
Can you talk to us about them a lot?
Can I see it?
Yes.
It will be featured in Room 611 later.
Wow.
I'll bring the magical lube.
It is stunning.
Oh, permission to open door with my left arm.
Doing those things, you open the door easily.
It swings open, revealing a staircase headed downwards.
Are you there, town boys?
What be your interest in this rat crown?
We've heard many legends have never seen your like
in the tavern.
Fancy talk.
Game of Thrones talking.
Yes.
On my face, do you notice the rat?
Yeah.
I told that rat one day that I would find his crown.
Nice.
But in the meantime, I would tattoo him to my face.
Oh, those are rat tattoos on your face.
Yes, that is correct.
I was there, and so I was in the background
tattooing myself, too.
Yeah, he's my bestie.
And you met a rat that died, and you
quest to get his crown back, right?
Yes.
It doesn't exactly send a signal to the rats,
don't fuck with these people.
You kind of ended up worshiping them.
Yes.
Yes, I'm a big rat worshiper.
You fed the trolls, as they say on Twitter.
Indeed, I did.
You should take time every once in a while
to tell non-rats, thank you, I liked my show, too.
Do a ratio of three to 10 that way when they say.
I know you only respond to haters, so I guess you won't see this.
Then you can tell that person, fuck you, you piece of shit.
Yeah.
I respond positively all the time, you little fuck.
A fault holds what we know not what you speak of at all.
No, not at all.
I saw angels in a different world where stakes were lower,
but anxiety was higher.
Yes.
So we're inside the tomb right now, Spencer?
Oh, yeah.
This is the staircase, though.
Oh.
I elect you to proceed first.
OK, I'm little and agile, and I have dark.
Is it lit?
Dark?
Out of the corner of your eyes.
Fondue, you can see as bone weevil heads down the stairs,
the brothers, they seem to be drawing their weapons
as if in ambush.
Stop, bone weevil.
Don't, these guys, whoa.
You believe the rat story, I see.
No.
Yes.
I go back up the stairs.
You damn it.
I only went down a few, I'm little.
I only went down like three stairs.
I'm back up.
Eye of acrobatics, can I chase him down?
I think you went up, though.
OK.
I went up.
OK, I go back down to meet everybody.
I guess I misheard.
No, no, actually, I go down one step
so I keep a high advantage to level the playing field,
and I draw my rapier.
I'm sorry, what was that?
My sword.
Oh.
It's spelled rapier, but it's just a sword.
It's not that kind of crowd that's been established.
I apologize.
I shall put my stunning fists away.
I think they like stunning fists.
No, they like that.
Oh.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
You're Kevin James.
You're at home jerking off.
That's fine.
Totally.
You guys are in some sort of standoff situation.
Ah!
Well, drop your weapons.
I draw my bastard sword.
All right.
Now everyone is drawn.
Not everybody has to die here today.
In fact, nobody has to.
I offer a tree token.
It's a strange ambush tactic.
Yes.
I say to fun, dude, don't fall for the tree token thing.
I'm falling for it and being intrigued by it
are two different things.
I too am intrigued.
You're going to take my tree token?
Tell me more.
Well, you take my tree token, and now
that you've gotten us in here, you just walk away
and let us have this rat treasure for ourselves.
I continue up the staircase while they're
having this conversation.
Oh, that's the confu- it's a downward staircase.
OK, then I- that's what I thought first too.
I'm going back down the staircase now.
I think I want to get to this crown before they do,
and then I'll have the leverage.
Suppose I took your token and used it to once a month
by the unlimited access.
What?
All previous adventures.
What sorts of adventures speak- speak of?
Yeah, everything but Mr. Show.
Oh, yeah.
I don't know what happened there.
Yeah.
Because it's HBO.
Almost comprehensive.
Yeah, and not community, because that's Sony.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, everything that NBC has ever owned.
Right.
NBC, Nathaniel Boulevard.
While they do industry talk, I examine
the bottom of the staircase.
Oh, oh man.
You just see a circular room.
Its walls are peppered in fist-sized holes.
You can hear the chittering of mice and rats.
Or I have fists that stunt these holes, which
are shaped fist-sized.
You've been here and punched here?
Is it like me in Wisconsin?
I don't know what are you saying.
For the sake of this, I run back up the stairs and go,
guys, there's fist-sized holes down here.
You have a stunning fist.
Right.
Oh, oh, oh, I thought you were, OK.
I was Game of Thrones-ing it.
Oh, terribly.
I will punch every hole.
And I will go on the other side of the holes
if there's a door that leads me to that area.
And I won't know who's punching through those holes,
because it won't matter.
And that will make it hotter.
And glory me to us in this world of holes.
I'm just trying anything I can.
It all is wonderful.
By the way, did I tell you about my vow of poverty?
I'm going to turn to the dwarf over here.
I'm a goblin, asshole.
And say, while they're dealing with this crap,
let's get this crown.
We shall form an alliance.
Well, but don't we have to?
I think we probably have to put a fist in these, like, these
fist-sized holes.
Yeah, he did it.
Yeah, yeah, that's all right.
I'm not my dumb joke.
He fisted the holes.
I was Yankevicking.
You punched the holes.
Well, let's see.
What happened, Spencer?
You get binned by rats.
Oh!
I was here for you, rats!
That's what happens when you draw swords on people on stairs.
So he tries every hole and doesn't work?
Just the answer in there?
I mean, they appear to be mouse holes.
Oh, they're mouse holes.
Yeah.
Oh, they're not for stunning fists, they're just for mice.
Is there anything else in the room?
Yeah.
What is it?
Oh, let me see here.
You see, you see what looks like a stunningly beautiful woman.
Oh!
You've already fisted those holes,
but I can now use my burning hands on the woman.
Ah!
I blush.
I'm the guy like, sorry about these guys.
I just met him in a bar.
It's like, all right, happy hour.
He's using burning hands on the woman.
You spread your hands and shoot fire all over the room.
Wow.
It swirls around and consumes many rats
that are lying around on the ground.
But not the woman, I hope.
He realized that that woman was never there.
It was just you just were so bad at looking around
that you thought you saw something.
Again!
Always, like usual, yes.
Now, watch this.
I look around.
All right, well, you see a very obvious door.
Not a woman at all.
A door that is here on demand.
What?
That you can watch.
I open any time you want.
Am I trying too hard to integrate?
Does the door open instantly so that you can be entertained
by this door?
Please, it's curated.
There's the door.
You can do whatever you want, but by default,
the door is already flapping open and shut and you approach it.
Is this door constructed of materials
across the pond as well?
Yeah, mostly, because that's the cheapest.
It's a not-read dwarf.
I go up to the door, Spencer.
I go up to the door.
It's a door.
I open the door.
All right.
And I turn back before I open the door.
I turn back.
Hey, remember the time you guys all thought you saw a lady
and you tried to burn her first off?
I don't know what you're talking about.
Remember before that, when you started to murder us?
Didn't they draw that?
Yes, but we made friends.
It's kind of a delicate detente going on right now.
What do we see inside this new place?
Oh, man, you see a hexagonal room.
Metal coins litter the floor as do rats, who don't seem
bothered by your presence.
Oh, they're nice rats.
The walls have crude carvings of rats,
as well as crude carvings of a crown man wielding a club,
as well as crude carvings of a man sitting
on a throne of rats.
In the far wall, you see a rotting wooden throne
and in it, a skeletal skeleton wearing a golden crown.
Thanks, Obama.
I don't know.
It's just trying.
Just trying.
We have like one and a half minutes left.
That's why.
Why do you think I was there?
Bring the girl back.
No, she's gone.
Those three different ruined thingies
are in the way of the guy in the throne?
I'm sorry.
What?
There was a thing with a guy sitting
there's carvings on the walls.
Carvings on the walls.
There's a skeleton with a crown on it.
You sit on the throne.
There's a pictograph.
It's instructions.
There's a guy and there's rats.
And then the guy sits in the, is there a throne?
Yeah, the throne is real.
And the guy has a staff, right?
No.
What?
No, shut up.
I didn't mean that.
I sit on the throne.
There's a skeleton sitting in the throne.
No, I, I, I, I, I.
And it's wearing a gold crown.
All right.
Oh.
Take the crown.
I just could, yeah.
No, hold it.
That crown.
Everything else is yours.
The crown is one-eyed willies.
You're going to give us all the rats?
And you, are you doing goonies?
Yeah, I wanted to create a dividing line
in the audience between everyone over 40
and everyone under 20.
Thank you, 16.
Sadly, we're ending that on a goonies reference.
We're going to find out what happens.
He's a six-out bandit.
You won't know.
Spencer Crittenden.
Come on, Spencer, everybody.
Thank you again, ever to Pyro.
Everybody, it's Seedz over having a chance
to take you to New York TV Festival.
Thank you, School of Visual Arts.
I'm Jeff Davis.
You may, or Dan Harmon, everybody.
You're welcome.
Spencer Crittenden, you may, master.
I think we thanked everybody, right?
Seedz, oh, and Jeff, thanks, everybody.
He thanked Natalie, and John, and Rupert,
all of whom have cancer.
See, they don't know it.
But I talked to their doctor tonight.
No more rapping.
Oh, it's for you for now.
You're going to see it.
And then how?
Money, pie, pie.
Everybody, get the hell out of here.
Oh, shit, Amy Poehler.
Hell, all the comedy, all the time.
Seesaw's going to fuck it with a slice of lamb.
Did you get any of that?
It's a good show.